The first penetration testing section
in this course is gonna be
the network hacking section.
The reason why I chose
to start with this,
because everything,
if you think of it,
is connected to a network.
So, whether you're target
is a personal computer,
whether it's a server,
whether it's a company
or even if it's just a website,
all of these systems
are actually connected to a network.
Literally when you just connect
to the internet,
you're connecting to a network
because the internet
is just a really really big network.
So, it is very important
that you understand
how networks work
and how devices communicate
with each other
before we actually move
into the next sections.
So, this section
is actually gonna be divided
into three subsections.
In the first subsection
we're gonna talk about
all of the attacks
that you can do
before connecting to a network.
So you literally just have a computer
with a network interface,
possibly a Wi-Fi adapter
and we're gonna see
what can you do now
before even connecting to anything.
In the section subsection
I'm gonna show you
how to crack Wi-Fi keys
and gain access to Wi-Fi networks,
whether they use WEP,
WPA,
or WPA2.
Once you have the access,
you can move to the third section
which will apply for both
Wi-Fi and wired networks.
All of the attacks that you will learn
in the third subsection
apply whenever you are able
to connect to the network.
Once you're able to gain access
to the network.
And here is where the real fun starts,
because you're gonna learn
a number of powerful attacks
that will allow you to intercept
the connections in the network
and capture everything sent in it,
including usernames,
passwords, URLs, chat messages,
and so on.
Not only that,
but you'll also be able to modify data
as it's being sent in the air.
So you'll be able to control the requests,
serve people fake updates,
inject evil code
into the pages that they load
and so many other cool things.
So everything in the third section
will apply for both Wi-Fi and wired networks.